readme.md, before:

![](http://wes.io/dgAQ/content)

# React For Beginners — [ReactForBeginners.com](https://ReactForBeginners.com)

Starter files for the React For Beginners course. Come <a href="https://ReactForBeginners.com/">Learn React</a> with me!

The code in this repo meant to be a reference point for anyone following along with the video course.

## To Start

1. cd into `catch-of-the-day` and follow along with the videos

The `stepped-solutions` Each folder contains the files for the beginning of each video should you need them. So, if you need any code, pull the appropriate file into your `catch-of-the-day` folder.

You are welcome to submit Pull Requests but I'd like to keep the code as similar as possible to the course content.

### Code Use

You are welcome to use this code in your own applications. If you would like to use it for training purposes, please shoot me a message first to make sure it's okay.

# Frequently Asked Questions

#### :question: I tried installing the Babel syntax highlighter but it didn't work!

There are a few possible options:

* If you are on Sublime Text 2, you should Upgrade to Sublime Text 3.
* Some users have reported restarting works
* You can try the [JavaScript Next](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/JavaScriptNext%20-%20ES6%20Syntax) syntax highlighter instead

#### :question: I can't set Babel as the default syntax highlighter!

Make sure you are in a file with the extension of `.js` before you do this step - you can't set the default for a file without having a file open!

#### :question: I can't see the React tab in my dev tools

Restart your dev tools or your chrome browser entirely. They will only show up when you are viewing a React app - so make sure you test it on Facebook or another website that is running React. It won't work on your empty `main.js` file until you `import React from 'react'`.

#### :question: `npm start` doesn't update the app on file save, or doesn't run correctly.

There may be a few different causes for this:

* Webpack currently can't handle folder/file names that contain parentheses.
* Webpack also has problems running inside folders for Dropbox/Google Drive type services. Git is recommended for keeping your files in sync across multiple computers.

## Changes In the 2018 RE-Record

In March 2018 I re-reocrded this course. Here are the things that I've updated.

* Upgrade to React Router 4 Final API
* Use React 16.3
* Move to external PropTypes Package
* Use React's new Refs API, remove function refs
* Remove all use of constructors and super() - use class properties instead
* Better explain binding, use of `this` and component instances
* Moved from React-addons-css-transition-group to react-transition-group and upgraded from 1.x to 2.x
* Use official Firebase package for Auth as re-base is now only for data binding
* Move promise based code to async/await
* Show how to return multiple elements with React.Fragment

## htaccess

Here is the .htaccess file we use in the apache deployment video

```
RewriteBase /
RewriteRule ^index\.html$ - [L]
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
RewriteRule . /index.html [L]
```

Commit message:

Add a skeleton firebase-config.js, add readme notes

readme.md, after:

# Firebase setup

This app uses Firebase for its database. To use it you need to edit `catch-of-the-day/src/firebase-config.js` with your Firebase app details.

---

![](http://wes.io/dgAQ/content)

# React For Beginners — [ReactForBeginners.com](https://ReactForBeginners.com)

Starter files for the React For Beginners course. Come <a href="https://ReactForBeginners.com/">Learn React</a> with me!

The code in this repo meant to be a reference point for anyone following along with the video course.

## To Start

1.  cd into `catch-of-the-day` and follow along with the videos

The `stepped-solutions` Each folder contains the files for the beginning of each video should you need them. So, if you need any code, pull the appropriate file into your `catch-of-the-day` folder.

You are welcome to submit Pull Requests but I'd like to keep the code as similar as possible to the course content.

### Code Use

You are welcome to use this code in your own applications. If you would like to use it for training purposes, please shoot me a message first to make sure it's okay.

# Frequently Asked Questions

#### :question: I tried installing the Babel syntax highlighter but it didn't work!

There are a few possible options:

* If you are on Sublime Text 2, you should Upgrade to Sublime Text 3.
* Some users have reported restarting works
* You can try the [JavaScript Next](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/JavaScriptNext%20-%20ES6%20Syntax) syntax highlighter instead

#### :question: I can't set Babel as the default syntax highlighter!

Make sure you are in a file with the extension of `.js` before you do this step - you can't set the default for a file without having a file open!

#### :question: I can't see the React tab in my dev tools

Restart your dev tools or your chrome browser entirely. They will only show up when you are viewing a React app - so make sure you test it on Facebook or another website that is running React. It won't work on your empty `main.js` file until you `import React from 'react'`.

#### :question: `npm start` doesn't update the app on file save, or doesn't run correctly.

There may be a few different causes for this:

* Webpack currently can't handle folder/file names that contain parentheses.
* Webpack also has problems running inside folders for Dropbox/Google Drive type services. Git is recommended for keeping your files in sync across multiple computers.

## Changes In the 2018 RE-Record

In March 2018 I re-reocrded this course. Here are the things that I've updated.

* Upgrade to React Router 4 Final API
* Use React 16.3
* Move to external PropTypes Package
* Use React's new Refs API, remove function refs
* Remove all use of constructors and super() - use class properties instead
* Better explain binding, use of `this` and component instances
* Moved from React-addons-css-transition-group to react-transition-group and upgraded from 1.x to 2.x
* Use official Firebase package for Auth as re-base is now only for data binding
* Move promise based code to async/await
* Show how to return multiple elements with React.Fragment

## htaccess

Here is the .htaccess file we use in the apache deployment video

```
RewriteBase /
RewriteRule ^index\.html$ - [L]
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
RewriteRule . /index.html [L]
```
